we were forced to leave our home we ran
for our lives and all our possessions
were destroyed or left behind we're
displaced in the South empty-handed we
used to live in the North we were
displaced to a un run school then forced
further south our homes were destroyed
all our belongings were left behind we
have nothing left not even shoes I can't
even find a secondhand pair I have no
income and I've run out of money I can't
even afford to feed my child let alone
buy shoes these are my husband's sandals
we share them between us whoever needs
to go out puts them
on if we could afford to buy new shoes
we would but we can't so we have them
repaired we can't even afford
food my family have been cobblers for
three generations at the beginning of
the war Palestinians still had a bit of
money people used to pay to get their
shoes repaired things got much worse
when people were were pushed from the
north to the South we now repair shoes
so damaged that before we would have
said they were
unsalvageable we are all helpless a 12
shekele pair of slippers costs 20 to get
repaired it's not worth it but people
have no means it's a miserable plight
I'm now flooded with customers but I
cannot find materials I need winter
shoes are now a rare commodity
Palestinians were forced to abandon
everything they owned and ran for their
lives when Israel started ruthlessly
bombing
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer